bye
this time I chosing and less occurred
upon tones for the dutch national ballet
also because there's so many reasons and
one reason is I really think that's a
fantastic music than peace
to be shared and even after the hundred
years later which means this year will
be the 100-year celebration of us
chilling skis the sucker I just miss
Pearce and also another reason is i have
been starting this music Sansa long time
ago and in 2001-2002 I already made my
another version and whipple two pianos
for hands version that for my own
company in your city or show me dance
odds
this one I think they have so much
different colors and also too many so
many and layers in the music score
yourself with the instruments the sound
the melody comes in with the airy and
those earth power for my rhythms that
with so much different texture and in
compositions and structures in dynamic
changes and how things flows in an owl
well for this kind of tension sometimes
we stress sometimes we do uncontrolled
sometimes really really powerful and it
was kind of dynamic in the orchestra
version actually show so much and so
rich and for me and I love challenge and
also i'll ever get tired of this music
and that also from no challenge for me
to see a Hummer and texture my
sensibilities to chance to a traditional
ballet company and in their bodies how
that can you adapt to my ways of
movement how things can bridge the new
kind of sensed through movements mmm the
choreographic passes a little different
than when working with my company one
started working with a classical trained
basic ballet company even though they
have sang experience working with
contemporary and ballet but it's still
not my technique my training and also
not my vocabulary but in the really
short period of time I tried to be
really clear directly to shim and
information to the dancers are including
the class at giving in the morning and
also of course to in the process to
teaching then all the materials saw this
piece
and also I have to be really clear how
that exactly what the hands would have
what folks going to be what a finger
gonna be we're toast going to be and so
detailed and they can being so clear
display through that body the good
things is really come out really really
good and the really disciplined dancers
and the really work is so hard
especially at so many program going on
the same time and that they are just
their bodies and the working really
focus and really hard to adapt I think
they do a really good job and the movie
seems you know after few weeks now and
being here I can see the results with
our bodies and I'm also really happy
about the results so far